docs/contexts.md, before:

# Time Tracking App - Context & Issue Analysis

## Current State Analysis (Updated)

### What Works Well ✅
- Basic time tracking interface (84-hour weekly grid)
- Eisenhower matrix with distinct symbols and colors (🔥⭐⚡💤)
- Flexible week navigation with DatePicker
- Local storage persistence
- CSV export functionality
- Production-ready build system with automated deployment scripts

### ✅ RESOLVED Issues

## Issue 1: Category Creation - FIXED ✅
**Problem**: Users could not successfully add new categories
**Solution**: Fixed form reset and state management in CategoryForm component
**Status**: ✅ **WORKING** - Users can now add categories and see them immediately

**Technical Fix**:
- Added proper form reset after successful submission
- Improved React state update handling with setTimeout
- Enhanced error handling and user feedback
- Added comprehensive unit test coverage

**Validation**:
- ✅ Unit tests pass (category creation logic)
- ✅ Integration tests pass (form submission)
- ✅ Manual testing confirms immediate category visibility

## Issue 2: Charts/Graphs in Stats Tab - IMPLEMENTED ✅
**Problem**: Stats tab showed no visual charts
**Solution**: Implemented comprehensive chart system with real data integration
**Status**: ✅ **WORKING** - Full data visualization suite available

**Implemented Charts**:
1. **CategoryDistributionChart** - Pie chart showing time allocation across categories
2. **WeeklyProgressChart** - Daily/weekly progress bars with completion rates
3. **EisenhowerMatrixChart** - Priority distribution with AI recommendations

**Features**:
- ✅ Real-time data integration
- ✅ Empty state handling
- ✅ Interactive tooltips and legends
- ✅ Smart recommendations based on data patterns

### REMAINING Critical Issues 🚨

## Issue 3: Enhanced Interactive Charts (NEXT PRIORITY)
**Problem**: Current charts are static, need more interactive visualization
**Impact**: Users need deeper insights and better data exploration
**Goal**: Add interactive features to existing charts

**Requirements**:
1. **Interactive Stats Tab**: Clickable charts, drill-down capabilities
2. **Time Range Selection**: Filter charts by custom date ranges
3. **Category Filtering**: Show/hide specific categories in charts
4. **Export Functionality**: Save charts as images or data

**Minimal Test**: User clicks on pie chart segment and sees filtered view of that category's time entries.

## Issue 4: Plan vs Execution Split View (CORE FEATURE)
**Problem**: Time slots only show actual tracking, no planning capability
**Impact**: Core product value proposition not delivered - no plan vs reality comparison
**Goal**: Split each hour cell into planned vs actual sections

**Requirements**:
1. **Split Cell Design**: Each hour cell shows planned activity (left) and actual activity (right)
2. **Visual Status Indicators**: Color coding for plan execution status
3. **Mode Toggle**: Switch between Planning mode and Tracking mode
4. **Execution Analytics**: Show completion rates and missed/unplanned activities

**Minimal Test**: User plans "Study AI" for Monday 10am (left side), tracks "Study AI" for Monday 10am (right side), and sees "✅ Completed as planned" status.

## Implementation Strategy: Sequential Steps

### ✅ Step 1: Fix Category Creation - COMPLETED
**Goal**: User can add categories and see them immediately
**Status**: ✅ **DONE** - Category creation working with proper form reset and state management

### ✅ Step 2: Implement Basic Charts - COMPLETED
**Goal**: User sees comprehensive data visualization in Stats tab
**Status**: ✅ **DONE** - Full chart suite implemented with real data integration

### ✅ Step 3: Enhanced Interactive Charts - COMPLETED
**Goal**: Add interactive features to existing charts for better data exploration
**Status**: ✅ **DONE** - Full interactive chart suite implemented
**Completed Features**:
- Chart filtering state management with TimeTrackingContext extension
- CategoryDistributionChart click handlers for category filtering
- DateRangePicker component with quick select presets
- Category show/hide toggles with CategoryFilterPanel
- Chart export functionality (PNG and CSV)
- Comprehensive test coverage for all interactive features

### ✅ Step 4: Plan vs Execution Split View - COMPLETED
**Goal**: Split each time slot into planned vs actual sections
**Status**: ✅ **COMPLETED** - Each cell now split into 2 sections (left: plan, right: execute), both width-bounded and editable
**Approach**: Extended existing TimeSlot component with dual-section display

#### ✅ Completed Implementation:
- ✅ **Left Side**: Planning interface with simple category selection
- ✅ **Right Side**: Current execution tracking functionality
- ✅ **Data Model**: Extended TimeSlotData to support both planned and actual entries
- ✅ **Visual Design**: Clear separation between plan and execute sections

#### ✅ Test Results:
1. ✅ Each hour cell shows dual sections (plan | execute)
2. ✅ Left side allows category selection for planning
3. ✅ Right side maintains current time entry functionality
4. ✅ Visual indicators show plan vs actual comparison
5. ✅ Data persistence works for both planned and actual entries

#### ✅ User Story Fulfilled:
"As a user, I want to plan my activities in advance and then track what I actually do, so I can see how well I stick to my plans and improve my time management."

### ✅ Step 5: Chart Visualization Improvements - COMPLETED
**Goal**: Improve chart layout and visualization quality
**Status**: ✅ **COMPLETED** - Left sidebar width now fully adjustable

#### ✅ CRITICAL ISSUE RESOLVED:
**Problem**: Nested ResizablePanel implementation was breaking resize functionality
**Root Cause**: Conflicting implementations in page.tsx and Sidebar.tsx
**Solution**: Systematic SDLC-based fix removing architecture conflict

#### ✅ Architecture Fix Implemented:
```typescript
// ✅ FIXED: Clean single ResizablePanel structure
page.tsx: <ResizablePanel storageKey="stats-panel-width" defaultWidth={450}>
  → Sidebar.tsx: <aside className="w-full h-full bg-white">
    → content (CategoryList, CategoryForm, QuickStats)
  </aside>
</ResizablePanel>

// ✅ RESULT: Proper resize functionality restored
```

#### ✅ Implementation Results:
1. **Panel Width Adjustable**: Left sidebar now resizes from 350px to 800px ✅
2. **Architecture Clean**: No more nested ResizablePanel conflicts ✅
3. **Components Restored**: All essential imports and functionality back ✅
4. **Enhanced UX**: Better resize handle visibility and interaction ✅

#### ✅ User Experience Achieved:
- **Categories Tab**: Standard 320px sidebar (250-500px range)
- **Stats Tab**: Wider 450px panel (350-800px range) for better chart visibility
- **Persistent Preferences**: Separate width storage for each tab
- **Visual Feedback**: Enhanced resize handle with improved visibility

#### ✅ Phase 6: Mobile Web View Enhancement - COMPLETED
**Goal**: Comprehensive mobile web view support with responsive design and touch optimization
**Status**: ✅ **COMPLETED** - Full mobile responsiveness implemented

#### ✅ Mobile Enhancement Implementation:
1. **Mobile-First Responsive Layout** ✅
   - Implemented mobile breakpoint detection (< 768px)
   - Added collapsible sidebar with overlay/drawer pattern
   - Mobile menu button with hamburger/close icons
   - Touch-friendly navigation with 44px minimum touch targets
   - Contextual layout switching between mobile and desktop

2. **Mobile-Optimized TimeGrid** ✅
   - Enhanced horizontal scrolling with `touch-pan-x` for momentum scrolling
   - Mobile-responsive grid headers with abbreviated day names
   - Hidden batch action buttons on mobile to save space
   - Mobile-optimized batch action bar (bottom-aligned, full-width)
   - Improved touch interactions for time slot selection

3. **Mobile-Responsive Header** ✅
   - Responsive logo and title sizing
   - Touch-friendly navigation buttons (44px minimum)
   - Mobile-optimized week navigation with shorter date format
   - Icon-only actions on mobile with proper touch targets
   - Responsive spacing and padding adjustments

4. **Mobile-Enhanced Charts** ✅
   - Charts already responsive with containerWidth prop
   - Mobile-optimized filter controls with larger touch targets
   - Enhanced CategoryFilterPanel with 44px touch targets
   - Improved mobile spacing and visual hierarchy

#### ✅ Technical Implementation Results:
```typescript
// Mobile Detection & State Management
const [isMobile, setIsMobile] = useState(false);
const [isMobileMenuOpen, setIsMobileMenuOpen] = useState(false);

// Responsive Breakpoints Applied
- Mobile: < 768px (overlay sidebar, touch-optimized)
- Desktop: ≥ 768px (existing resizable panel functionality)

// Touch Target Standards Met
- Minimum 44px touch targets for all interactive elements
- Enhanced spacing for mobile interactions
- Touch-friendly hover states and feedback
```

#### ✅ User Experience Delivered:
- **Mobile Navigation**: Hamburger menu with slide-out sidebar overlay
- **Touch Optimization**: All interactive elements meet 44px minimum touch target
- **Responsive Design**: Seamless experience from 320px mobile to desktop
- **Backward Compatibility**: 100% desktop functionality preserved
- **Performance**: Optimized rendering for mobile devices
- **Accessibility**: Mobile screen reader compatible navigation

#### ✅ Next Phase: Advanced Mobile Features (Future)
**Potential Enhancements**:
- Swipe gestures for week navigation
- Pull-to-refresh functionality
- Mobile-specific keyboard shortcuts
- Progressive Web App (PWA) features
- Offline functionality for mobile users

## Technical Implementation Plan

### ✅ Completed Implementations

#### Category Creation Fix
- ✅ Fixed form reset and state management
- ✅ Added comprehensive unit test coverage
- ✅ Improved error handling and user feedback
- ✅ Validated with integration tests

#### Charts Implementation
- ✅ CategoryDistributionChart with Chart.js pie chart
- ✅ WeeklyProgressChart with progress bars and daily breakdown
- ✅ EisenhowerMatrixChart with priority distribution and recommendations
- ✅ Real-time data integration and empty state handling

### Next Implementation Phases

#### Phase 3: Interactive Charts Enhancement
**Approach**: Extend existing chart components with interactivity
**Key Principles**:
- Backward compatibility with existing charts
- Progressive enhancement
- Minimal breaking changes

**Technical Steps**:
1. Add click handlers to chart segments
2. Implement chart filtering state management
3. Add date range picker component
4. Create export functionality
5. Add chart animation and transitions

#### Phase 4: Plan vs Execution Split View
**Approach**: Extend existing TimeSlot component architecture
**Key Principles**:
- Reuse existing TimeSlot component structure
- Maintain current tracking functionality
- Add planning layer as enhancement

**Technical Steps**:
1. Extend TimeSlotData interface for planned vs actual
2. Add mode toggle to header (Planning/Tracking)
3. Split TimeSlot component into left/right sections
4. Implement execution status calculation
5. Add visual indicators for plan completion

## Issue 0: Missing Planning Layer (HIGHEST PRIORITY)
**Problem**: System only tracks actual time, no planning capability
**Impact**: Users can't set goals or compare planned vs actual execution
**Root Cause**: Data model only supports actual time entries, no planning entities

**Solution Approach**:
1. Extend data model with `PlannedEntry` entity
2. Add planning mode toggle in UI
3. Implement plan vs actual comparison views
4. Add plan execution rate metrics

## Issue 1: Deployment Automation Gap
**Problem**: Manual deployment process, no automation scripts
**Impact**: Slow deployment, potential human errors
**Root Cause**: Missing infrastructure-as-code and deployment scripts

**Solution Approach**:
1. Create local deployment scripts (Docker, npm)
2. Create AWS deployment scripts (CDK/CloudFormation)
3. Add CI/CD pipeline configuration
4. Document deployment procedures

## Issue 2: Limited Week Navigation
**Problem**: Users can only navigate ±1 week at a time
**Impact**: Cannot plan for future weeks or review distant past
**Root Cause**: Navigation logic hardcoded to adjacent weeks only

**Solution Approach**:
1. Add date picker component for arbitrary week selection
2. Implement quick navigation (this week, next month, etc.)
3. Add keyboard shortcuts for navigation
4. Maintain current ±1 week buttons for convenience

## Issue 3: Category Creation Bug
**Problem**: New categories don't appear immediately after creation
**Impact**: Poor user experience, workflow interruption
**Root Cause**: State management issue - UI not refreshing after category creation

**Solution Approach**:
1. Debug React Context state updates
2. Ensure proper re-rendering after category creation
3. Add optimistic UI updates
4. Implement proper error handling

## Issue 4: Visualization Needs Real Data
**Problem**: Dashboard shows placeholder/empty charts
**Impact**: Users can't see meaningful insights
**Root Cause**: Charts not properly connected to actual data

**Solution Approach**:
1. Connect charts to real time entry data
2. Add sample data for demonstration
3. Implement proper data aggregation
4. Add loading states and empty states

Commit message:

mobile day track also works

docs/contexts.md, after:

# Time Tracking App - Context & Issue Analysis

## Current State Analysis (Updated)

### What Works Well ✅
- Basic time tracking interface (84-hour weekly grid)
- Eisenhower matrix with distinct symbols and colors (🔥⭐⚡💤)
- Flexible week navigation with DatePicker
- Local storage persistence
- CSV export functionality
- Production-ready build system with automated deployment scripts

### ✅ RESOLVED Issues

## Issue 1: Category Creation - FIXED ✅
**Problem**: Users could not successfully add new categories
**Solution**: Fixed form reset and state management in CategoryForm component
**Status**: ✅ **WORKING** - Users can now add categories and see them immediately

**Technical Fix**:
- Added proper form reset after successful submission
- Improved React state update handling with setTimeout
- Enhanced error handling and user feedback
- Added comprehensive unit test coverage

**Validation**:
- ✅ Unit tests pass (category creation logic)
- ✅ Integration tests pass (form submission)
- ✅ Manual testing confirms immediate category visibility

## Issue 2: Charts/Graphs in Stats Tab - IMPLEMENTED ✅
**Problem**: Stats tab showed no visual charts
**Solution**: Implemented comprehensive chart system with real data integration
**Status**: ✅ **WORKING** - Full data visualization suite available

**Implemented Charts**:
1. **CategoryDistributionChart** - Pie chart showing time allocation across categories
2. **WeeklyProgressChart** - Daily/weekly progress bars with completion rates
3. **EisenhowerMatrixChart** - Priority distribution with AI recommendations

**Features**:
- ✅ Real-time data integration
- ✅ Empty state handling
- ✅ Interactive tooltips and legends
- ✅ Smart recommendations based on data patterns

### REMAINING Critical Issues 🚨

## Issue 3: Enhanced Interactive Charts (NEXT PRIORITY)
**Problem**: Current charts are static, need more interactive visualization
**Impact**: Users need deeper insights and better data exploration
**Goal**: Add interactive features to existing charts

**Requirements**:
1. **Interactive Stats Tab**: Clickable charts, drill-down capabilities
2. **Time Range Selection**: Filter charts by custom date ranges
3. **Category Filtering**: Show/hide specific categories in charts
4. **Export Functionality**: Save charts as images or data

**Minimal Test**: User clicks on pie chart segment and sees filtered view of that category's time entries.

## Issue 4: Plan vs Execution Split View (CORE FEATURE)
**Problem**: Time slots only show actual tracking, no planning capability
**Impact**: Core product value proposition not delivered - no plan vs reality comparison
**Goal**: Split each hour cell into planned vs actual sections

**Requirements**:
1. **Split Cell Design**: Each hour cell shows planned activity (left) and actual activity (right)
2. **Visual Status Indicators**: Color coding for plan execution status
3. **Mode Toggle**: Switch between Planning mode and Tracking mode
4. **Execution Analytics**: Show completion rates and missed/unplanned activities

**Minimal Test**: User plans "Study AI" for Monday 10am (left side), tracks "Study AI" for Monday 10am (right side), and sees "✅ Completed as planned" status.

## Implementation Strategy: Sequential Steps

### ✅ Step 1: Fix Category Creation - COMPLETED
**Goal**: User can add categories and see them immediately
**Status**: ✅ **DONE** - Category creation working with proper form reset and state management

### ✅ Step 2: Implement Basic Charts - COMPLETED
**Goal**: User sees comprehensive data visualization in Stats tab
**Status**: ✅ **DONE** - Full chart suite implemented with real data integration

### ✅ Step 3: Enhanced Interactive Charts - COMPLETED
**Goal**: Add interactive features to existing charts for better data exploration
**Status**: ✅ **DONE** - Full interactive chart suite implemented
**Completed Features**:
- Chart filtering state management with TimeTrackingContext extension
- CategoryDistributionChart click handlers for category filtering
- DateRangePicker component with quick select presets
- Category show/hide toggles with CategoryFilterPanel
- Chart export functionality (PNG and CSV)
- Comprehensive test coverage for all interactive features

### ✅ Step 4: Plan vs Execution Split View - COMPLETED
**Goal**: Split each time slot into planned vs actual sections
**Status**: ✅ **COMPLETED** - Each cell now split into 2 sections (left: plan, right: execute), both width-bounded and editable
**Approach**: Extended existing TimeSlot component with dual-section display

#### ✅ Completed Implementation:
- ✅ **Left Side**: Planning interface with simple category selection
- ✅ **Right Side**: Current execution tracking functionality
- ✅ **Data Model**: Extended TimeSlotData to support both planned and actual entries
- ✅ **Visual Design**: Clear separation between plan and execute sections

#### ✅ Test Results:
1. ✅ Each hour cell shows dual sections (plan | execute)
2. ✅ Left side allows category selection for planning
3. ✅ Right side maintains current time entry functionality
4. ✅ Visual indicators show plan vs actual comparison
5. ✅ Data persistence works for both planned and actual entries

#### ✅ User Story Fulfilled:
"As a user, I want to plan my activities in advance and then track what I actually do, so I can see how well I stick to my plans and improve my time management."

### ✅ Step 5: Chart Visualization Improvements - COMPLETED
**Goal**: Improve chart layout and visualization quality
**Status**: ✅ **COMPLETED** - Left sidebar width now fully adjustable

#### ✅ CRITICAL ISSUE RESOLVED:
**Problem**: Nested ResizablePanel implementation was breaking resize functionality
**Root Cause**: Conflicting implementations in page.tsx and Sidebar.tsx
**Solution**: Systematic SDLC-based fix removing architecture conflict

#### ✅ Architecture Fix Implemented:
```typescript
// ✅ FIXED: Clean single ResizablePanel structure
page.tsx: <ResizablePanel storageKey="stats-panel-width" defaultWidth={450}>
  → Sidebar.tsx: <aside className="w-full h-full bg-white">
    → content (CategoryList, CategoryForm, QuickStats)
  </aside>
</ResizablePanel>

// ✅ RESULT: Proper resize functionality restored
```

#### ✅ Implementation Results:
1. **Panel Width Adjustable**: Left sidebar now resizes from 350px to 800px ✅
2. **Architecture Clean**: No more nested ResizablePanel conflicts ✅
3. **Components Restored**: All essential imports and functionality back ✅
4. **Enhanced UX**: Better resize handle visibility and interaction ✅

#### ✅ User Experience Achieved:
- **Categories Tab**: Standard 320px sidebar (250-500px range)
- **Stats Tab**: Wider 450px panel (350-800px range) for better chart visibility
- **Persistent Preferences**: Separate width storage for each tab
- **Visual Feedback**: Enhanced resize handle with improved visibility

#### ✅ Phase 6: Mobile Web View Enhancement - COMPLETED
**Goal**: Comprehensive mobile web view support with responsive design and touch optimization
**Status**: ✅ **COMPLETED** - Full mobile responsiveness implemented

#### ✅ Mobile Enhancement Implementation:
1. **Mobile-First Responsive Layout** ✅
   - Implemented mobile breakpoint detection (< 768px)
   - Added collapsible sidebar with overlay/drawer pattern
   - Mobile menu button with hamburger/close icons
   - Touch-friendly navigation with 44px minimum touch targets
   - Contextual layout switching between mobile and desktop

2. **Mobile-Optimized TimeGrid** ✅
   - Enhanced horizontal scrolling with `touch-pan-x` for momentum scrolling
   - Mobile-responsive grid headers with abbreviated day names
   - Hidden batch action buttons on mobile to save space
   - Mobile-optimized batch action bar (bottom-aligned, full-width)
   - Improved touch interactions for time slot selection

3. **Mobile-Responsive Header** ✅
   - Responsive logo and title sizing
   - Touch-friendly navigation buttons (44px minimum)
   - Mobile-optimized week navigation with shorter date format
   - Icon-only actions on mobile with proper touch targets
   - Responsive spacing and padding adjustments

4. **Mobile-Enhanced Charts** ✅
   - Charts already responsive with containerWidth prop
   - Mobile-optimized filter controls with larger touch targets
   - Enhanced CategoryFilterPanel with 44px touch targets
   - Improved mobile spacing and visual hierarchy

#### ✅ Technical Implementation Results:
```typescript
// Mobile Detection & State Management
const [isMobile, setIsMobile] = useState(false);
const [isMobileMenuOpen, setIsMobileMenuOpen] = useState(false);

// Responsive Breakpoints Applied
- Mobile: < 768px (overlay sidebar, touch-optimized)
- Desktop: ≥ 768px (existing resizable panel functionality)

// Touch Target Standards Met
- Minimum 44px touch targets for all interactive elements
- Enhanced spacing for mobile interactions
- Touch-friendly hover states and feedback
```

#### ✅ User Experience Delivered:
- **Mobile Navigation**: Hamburger menu with slide-out sidebar overlay
- **Touch Optimization**: All interactive elements meet 44px minimum touch target
- **Day-Level Planning**: Plan/Track buttons available on mobile for whole-day planning
- **Responsive Design**: Seamless experience from 320px mobile to desktop
- **Backward Compatibility**: 100% desktop functionality preserved
- **Performance**: Optimized rendering for mobile devices
- **Accessibility**: Mobile screen reader compatible navigation

#### ✅ Next Phase: Advanced Mobile Features (Future)
**Potential Enhancements**:
- Swipe gestures for week navigation
- Pull-to-refresh functionality
- Mobile-specific keyboard shortcuts
- Progressive Web App (PWA) features
- Offline functionality for mobile users

## Technical Implementation Plan

### ✅ Completed Implementations

#### Category Creation Fix
- ✅ Fixed form reset and state management
- ✅ Added comprehensive unit test coverage
- ✅ Improved error handling and user feedback
- ✅ Validated with integration tests

#### Charts Implementation
- ✅ CategoryDistributionChart with Chart.js pie chart
- ✅ WeeklyProgressChart with progress bars and daily breakdown
- ✅ EisenhowerMatrixChart with priority distribution and recommendations
- ✅ Real-time data integration and empty state handling

### Next Implementation Phases

#### Phase 3: Interactive Charts Enhancement
**Approach**: Extend existing chart components with interactivity
**Key Principles**:
- Backward compatibility with existing charts
- Progressive enhancement
- Minimal breaking changes

**Technical Steps**:
1. Add click handlers to chart segments
2. Implement chart filtering state management
3. Add date range picker component
4. Create export functionality
5. Add chart animation and transitions

#### Phase 4: Plan vs Execution Split View
**Approach**: Extend existing TimeSlot component architecture
**Key Principles**:
- Reuse existing TimeSlot component structure
- Maintain current tracking functionality
- Add planning layer as enhancement

**Technical Steps**:
1. Extend TimeSlotData interface for planned vs actual
2. Add mode toggle to header (Planning/Tracking)
3. Split TimeSlot component into left/right sections
4. Implement execution status calculation
5. Add visual indicators for plan completion

## Issue 0: Missing Planning Layer (HIGHEST PRIORITY)
**Problem**: System only tracks actual time, no planning capability
**Impact**: Users can't set goals or compare planned vs actual execution
**Root Cause**: Data model only supports actual time entries, no planning entities

**Solution Approach**:
1. Extend data model with `PlannedEntry` entity
2. Add planning mode toggle in UI
3. Implement plan vs actual comparison views
4. Add plan execution rate metrics

## Issue 1: Deployment Automation Gap
**Problem**: Manual deployment process, no automation scripts
**Impact**: Slow deployment, potential human errors
**Root Cause**: Missing infrastructure-as-code and deployment scripts

**Solution Approach**:
1. Create local deployment scripts (Docker, npm)
2. Create AWS deployment scripts (CDK/CloudFormation)
3. Add CI/CD pipeline configuration
4. Document deployment procedures

## Issue 2: Limited Week Navigation
**Problem**: Users can only navigate ±1 week at a time
**Impact**: Cannot plan for future weeks or review distant past
**Root Cause**: Navigation logic hardcoded to adjacent weeks only

**Solution Approach**:
1. Add date picker component for arbitrary week selection
2. Implement quick navigation (this week, next month, etc.)
3. Add keyboard shortcuts for navigation
4. Maintain current ±1 week buttons for convenience

## Issue 3: Category Creation Bug
**Problem**: New categories don't appear immediately after creation
**Impact**: Poor user experience, workflow interruption
**Root Cause**: State management issue - UI not refreshing after category creation

**Solution Approach**:
1. Debug React Context state updates
2. Ensure proper re-rendering after category creation
3. Add optimistic UI updates
4. Implement proper error handling

## Issue 4: Visualization Needs Real Data
**Problem**: Dashboard shows placeholder/empty charts
**Impact**: Users can't see meaningful insights
**Root Cause**: Charts not properly connected to actual data

**Solution Approach**:
1. Connect charts to real time entry data
2. Add sample data for demonstration
3. Implement proper data aggregation
4. Add loading states and empty states
